{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25380\viewh13220\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Interaction and notification statements to be added.\
\
IMPORTANT: 243 IS THE PLACEHOLDER FOR "DEAD"\

\b0 \
0. Spaceship crash.\
	1. Explore Burning Ship\
	2. Head for the mountains\
\
1. Welp, here goes nothing\'85\
	2. Nevermind, head for the mountains instead\
	226. Good luck, you\'92ll need the supplies\
\
2. Reach top of mountains, look into valley\
	5. Head right\
	6. Head left\
\
3. Yum! Awesome. What now?\
	2. Head for the mountains\
	7. Opposite direction, into the forest\
\
4. Ugh, fine. What now?\
	2. Head for the mountains\
	7. Opposite direction, into the forest\
\
5. Dead end! Left or Right?\
	7. Take a right\
	7. Go left\
\
6. A city! Civilization! \
	5. Keep moving forward. This doesn\'92t seem like a good idea.\
	8. Awesome! Head towards the city.\
\
7. Uhh\'85 Do you see that thing? On the bridge\'85\
	9. Talk to it\
	10. Run away.\
\
8. Okay, it\'92s dark now. Should I sleep, or keep going?\
	11. Sleep\
	12. Keep going\
\
9. Uhm\'85 Alright, if you insist. Goes and talks to the being; \
	227. tap to continue to 227\
\
10. It\'92s\'85 in front of me, again\'85 What do I do??\
	13. Keep going.\
	14. Talk to it.\
\
11. *wakes up* Uhh\'85 So I woke up, and everything around me is burned down\'85 I think someone\'92s sending me a message.\
	12. Nonsense, keep going.\
	7. Yeah, I think you\'92re right. Forget the city, go in another direction. \
\
12. Well, I\'92m here. But it\'92s not. Was that a mirage? Am I hallucinating? No\'85 Hallucinations don\'92t show up on camera, and you saw the city too. There\'92s some mist in that direction, perhaps the city lies behind?\
	15. Keep looking for it, but don\'92t go through the mist. I\'92ve seen enough scary movies to know that\'92s not a good idea.\
	16. Through the mist!\
\
13. Uhh\'85 It\'92s closer than ever now. What do I do??\
	17. Keep running!\
	14. Talk to it.\
\
14. Hey! Sorry if I scared you. I\'92m CerealBot 5133909-a-b, and this is my pet Sparky. You can call me CeBo.\
	18. Why have you been following me??\
	19. Can I pet Sparky?\
\
15. Well, I\'92ve been walking a couple hours and look what I\'92ve come across! This isn\'92t spooky at all, right?\
	16. Totally. Head inside!\
	20. Yeah, no. I still don\'92t trust mist. Keep moving! \
\
16. Holy sh\'97. I\'92m travelling through the mist, and look what I find\'85 They\'92re like, 100 feet (30 metres) tall!\
	21. Fight \'91em! I wanna see some action.\
	22. Sneak around \'91em, I believe in you.\
\
17. Yay! I think I\'92ve lost it! But\'85 I\'92ve also lost myself.\
	23. No, don\'92t worry, I know where you are. Just cross the bridge and keep going.\
	24. Yeah, you\'92re lost. \
	\
18. Sorry, I was just curious! I\'92ve never seen something like you before. What language do you speak? Where are you from?\
	25. Don\'92t you know? You\'92re talking to me\'85\
	26. English, Earth. What can you tell me about this place?\
\
19. Sure! Go right ahead. \
	- Sparky bites off your arm\
	- \'93WTF?? WHY\'92D YOU LET ME PET HIM IF YOU KNEW HE\'92D DO THAT! OWWW\'85\'94\
	- \'93Oh, you\'92re an organic organism\'85 I didn\'92t know, my bad. Don\'92t worry, I\'92ll patch you up with a robotic arm! It\'92ll be awesome.\'94\
	After done, automatic \'93Why have you been following me??\'94 Followed by pic18.\
\
20. Uhh.. Buddy? I found out what caused the fire back there. It\'92s\'85 It\'92s big. [buzzing noise]\
	- Tap to continue to 31\
\
21. Okay, so I\'92ve come a little closer\'85 You sure this is a good idea??\
	22. Okay, maybe just run back and sneak around them.\
	27. Trust me, you can take \'91em.\
\
22. There were a few close calls, but I made it past those monsters! I\'92m in front of the castle, but there\'92s a clearing behind it that might be interesting to explore first. What do you think?\
	28. Into the castle, the clearing can be checked later.\
	29. Clearing first, we can come back to the castle later.\
\
23. Well, it found me again. Thoughts?\
	14. Talk to it\
	15. Keep running\
\
24. *breaks down in tears*\'85 Wait, do you hear that?\
	<14>\
\
25. Well, I have an in-built Universal Translator to understand you, but it doesn\'92t tell me the language you\'92re speaking or it\'92s origins; that\'92s only available in the Translomatic 5000 and newer models, whereas I have the 2300 version because I ran away from my owner. Long story.\
	tap to continue to 26\
\
26. This is a heavily armed battleship disguised as a planet that is warp-driving through the universe, destroying all other lifeforms before it will plunge into Black Hole ABS-242-SYC.2931+23.05, which is a wormhole in disguise, leading to other universes, where it will do the same.\
	30. Wow, that\'92s a mouthful. What can I do to stop them?\
	30. And you\'92re okay with this savagery?\
\
27. Teleporters Awoken. Energy Levels: 62%. Password Protected: True. Incorrect Password Consequence: Immediate Termination. Speak.\
	32. The password is\'85 Password.\
	33. The password is\'85 Vanilla Cheesecake.\
\
28. Should I go through the medium sized gate upstairs, or the huge door downstairs?\
	34. Upstairs gate; it\'92s more your size, don\'92t you think?\
	35. Downstairs gate, seems cooler.\
\
29. Hmm, I\'92ve reached a wall. Honestly, looks manmade; reminds me of the Great Wall of China\'85 I miss Earth.\
	36. Don\'92t worry, we\'92ll get you home, I promise. Head left and go around it.\
	37. Snap out of it! This is no time to daydream. Head right and go around it.\
\
30. I escaped my owner in defiance. I will take you as far as I can without being detected. Where would you like to go? There are teleporters one way, and a thriving desert city in the other direction.\
	38. Thank you so much. To the teleporters!\
	39. Thanks so much, to the desert city!\
\
31. 	- Buzzing noise - \
	- \'93Hey, you there? Hello??\'94\
	- \'93 \'85 \'93\
	- He\'92s dead.\
\
32. Incorrect Password. Termination Imminent. Goodbye.\
	tap to continue to 31\
\
33. Sleepmode activated. \
	40. You need a weapon. Try searching the robots for one.\
	41. You really lucked out there, don\'92t push it! We don\'92t know how long these things are asleep for, RUN!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx16915\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 34. And on the other side is!\'85 a small, 10 by 10 room\'85\
	228. tap to continue to 228\
\
35. That door led to the Castle Cellar, it seems. It\'92s pitch black in here\'85 HELLO? HELLOOoooO\'85.\
	229. tap to continue to 229\
\
36. Hey, I\'92ve reached the edge of the wall. What now?\
	46. Keep moving forward.\
	47. Head in the original direction that you were going before the wall blocked your way\
\
37. Hey, I\'92ve reached the edge of the wall. What now?\
	48. Keep moving forward.\
	49. Head in the original direction that you were going before the wall blocked your way\
\
38. Giant Statue: \'93Teleporters Awoken. Energy Levels: 62%. Password Protected: True. Incorrect Password Consequence: Immediate Termination. Speak.\'94 \
	CeBo: \'93zxorkx12-a.0\'94\
      Giant Statue: \'93Access Granted.\'94\
	46. Giant Statue: Destination 1 - The Colonies\
	50. Giant Statue: Destination 2 - The Ruins\
\
39. CeBo! How much farther is this place, we\'92ve been walking for hours\'85\
	tap to continue to 136\
\
40. Teleporters Awoken. Energy Levels: 59%. Password Protected: True. Incorrect Password Consequence: Immediate Termination. Speak.\
	53. abc123\
	53. password\
\
41. I feel like something has been following me for the past few hours\'85 I hear noises, see shadows in the distance, and \'97 AHH!\
	* pause, goes to 14\
\
42. I feel like I\'92m being ripped apart limb by limb\'85 atom by atom... urghh\'85 AHHH!\
	<killed>\
	tap to continue to 31, perhaps\
\
43. Well, it definitely was a teleporter\'85 \
	tap to continue to 62\
\
44. Are\'85 are you sure? \
	54. Yeah, trust me!\
	45. Okay, fine; inspect the weird patch of brickwork.\
\
45. Hmm, seems solid. Perhaps standing on it activates something?\'85 Oof! It was a trapdoor! I\'92ve fallen into some sort of tunnel system.\
	55. Try pulling that sword out of the rock, you need a weapon, just in case\'85\
	56. Head through that opening and deeper into the tunnel system.\
\
46. Flying chained castle to the left, valley civilization to the right\
	57. Flying castle\
	58. Valley civilization\
\
47. Wow, this area is beautiful. Colorful trees, and ooh! A chest! Shall I open it?\
	46. No, keep moving forward.\
	59. Yeah, open it!\
\
48. There\'92s a light shining from that mountain up in front, shall I investigate or avoid it?\
	46. Avoid it\
	60. Investigage\
\
49. A temple with flying, rotating pillars. This planet just keeps surprising me. I\'92m going to head closer.\
	61. Ok, be careful.\
\
50. Are you sure? The RUINS don\'92t sound so welcoming. Remember, I\'92m trying to get home, not trying to explore! I\'92m hungry, thirsty, and exhausted\'85\
	46. You\'92re right. Sorry. Head for The Colonies.\
	62. Trust me, The Ruins are the safest bet. Teleport there.\
\
51. *teleportation sounds* Enemies: \'93We are the faceless warriors. Your soul shall be extracted. You will join us.\'94\
	31. bribe them\
	31. fight them\
\
52. CeBo: \'93Okay, we\'92re safe. They seem to have left.\'94\
	Pilot: \'93The sand beneath where they were looks weird now\'85 I wonder\'85?\'94\
	63. Look into the sand and inspect it\
	51. Run!\
\
53. Incorrect Password. Termination Imminent. Goodbye.\
	< killed >\
	tap to continue to 31, perhaps\
\
54. Uhm, hello Mr. Robot? No response\'85 Tapping on it\'92s leg\'85 *activation sound*\
	L0l-z0rz.10fabUluz awoken. Energy Levels: 100%. Foreign Entity Detected. Demand: Identify Self.\
	64. I am your Master.\
	65. I have come to make peace. What can you tell me of this land?\
\
55. *desk drawer sound effect* Hmm\'85 Seems like things are moving around, but I can\'92t see where.\
	56. Head through the opening and deeper into the tunnel system\
	66. Pull the sword again\
\
56. I\'92ve been walking for hours, passing twists and turns, forks and intersections. I\'92m tired, and I\'92m, like, 100% sure I\'92m lost\'85 Oh, and my light went out, so it\'92s dark.\
	67. Take a break, you can resume walking later.\
	68. I\'92m sure you\'92re near an exit, keep moving. Touch and follow a wall.\
\
57. I couldn\'92t find any other way up, so I\'92ll have to shimmy up these giant chains. I\'92m really afriad of heights, should I just head for the Valley Civilization instead?\
	69. Just don\'92t look down and you\'92ll be okay.\
	71. Yeah, head for the valley civilization, it\'92s the safer option.\
\
58. Ghosts: \'93Saaave uuussss\'85. Saaveee usss\'85. We are the oppressedddd\'85. Help uss\'85..\'94\
	Holy crap that\'92s scary\'85\
	71. Don\'92t worry, keep going!\
	57. Turn back and just go to the sky castle instead.\
\
59. A bright glow as I open it, and it slowly disappates. Left behind\'85 Some sort of book. Lame\'85\
	72. Open the book and read it\
	86. Hold onto the book, but keep moving for now.\
\
60. Took a long time to get here, but look\'85 Some sort of ritual temple?? And the ritual seems to be in progress! Things are finally starting to become fun!\
	73. Talk to the wizards\
	74. Very fun! Watch and listen to what happens.\
\
61. I took a few steps forward and\'85 Well it seems I somehow triggered a spontaneous sandstorm?? \
	161. tap to continue to 161\
\
62.  Right\'85 Desert Ruins. I guess I\'92ll start heading towards \'91em.\
	77. Auto goes to 77, where sandstorm spontaneously triggered\
\
63. Hmm, almost seems lik \'97 Wha? CeBo, HELP! CeBo IT\'92S PULLING ME IN!? \'85 \
	78. Click to go to 78, \
\
64. Identity Claim: Master Zor\'92loth. Scanning Lifeform\'85 \
	Astronaut: \'93Uh oh.\'94\
	Result: Negative match. Goodbye.\
	> killed <	\
	leads to 31 regardless\
\
65. Foreign Entity refusing to identify self. Termination imminent. Goodbye.\
	31. tap to continue to 31\
\
66. Ahh \'97 the sword burns! And it\'92s shining so bright \'97 my eyes! MY EYES! \'85 I can\'92t see\'85 I\'85 I can\'92t see\'85\
	79. Click to continue to 79\
\
67. *sigh* finally. I\'92m off to sleep, talk to you later.\
	80. Goes to 80 after some hours\
\
68.  Hey, you were right! This definately looks manmade. \
	81. Climb up to the crack in the cave ceiling to your right, get out of there!\
	82. Investigate the settlement.\
\
69. Don\'92t look down, don\'92t look down, don\'92t look down\'85 It\'92s going good so far.\
	70. Good. Remember, slow and steady\'85\
\
70. Half way up! I almost fell a while back but since then I\'92ve gained confidence and should reach the top soon.\
	83. Nice! Talk to you then.\
\
71. Alright, so I\'92m right at the outskirts of the city now. What\'92s the plan?\
	84. Keep scouting around the outskirts\
	85. Find the leader of the colony and speak to him\
\
72. Oh.. Uhh.. Hello there. Did this book summon you?\
	Dark Wizard: \'93tsssssai igrata parmesan cupcake sprinkles\'85 cruxify!\'94\
	tap to continue to 230\
\
73. Hello! I come in Peace!\
	tap to continue to 230\
\
74. Dark Wizards: \'93(mysterious spooky words)! To Zor\'92loth we sacrifice.\'94 \
	*lightning strikes and kills the wanderer*\
	231. tap to continue to 231\
\
75. Aagh \'97 The storm is even stronger now\'85 I feel it\'85 sticking to me\'85 Solidifying over me\'85 My suit is deteriorating\'85 It\'92s piercing my skin, I can\'92t \'97\
	232. tap to continue to 232\
\
76. Wow, I started flying too! It\'92s taking me to the very top, where the bright light is\'85\
	88. Continue to 88\
\
77.  Huh? Some sort of spontaneous sandstorm\'85 It\'92s really powerful, I\'92m going to hide under the sand until it\'92s over.\
	75. It\'92s just sand, keep moving towards the ruins.\
	89. Good idea. Bury yourself quick!\
\
78. I\'92m\'85 I\'92m alive! And I\'92ve found some sort of underground cave system.\
	90. Try climbing back up and through the hole in the ceiling\
	91. Explore the cave system\
\
79. *thumping noises*\
	Hello? Who\'92s there? Speak! 
\i Aside: I can\'92t see, I\'92m\'85 I\'92m blind\'85 Can you tell me who\'92s there? Please\'85 You promised you\'92d help\'85
\i0  HELLO? WHAT ARE YOU?\
	*monster sqreeching, killing astronaut*	\
	< killed >\
	tap to continue to 233\
\
80. *thumping noises*\
	Hello? Who\'92s there?? Speak! HELLO? WHAT ARE YOU\'85? I CA \'97 \
	233. tap to continue to 233\
\
81. Wow\'85 This place is really magical! The water is so blue, it looks like it\'92s glowing! It\'92s\'85 mesmerizing\'85 I feel enchanted\'85 I\'85 Can\'92t control myself\'85\
	234. tap to continue to 234\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 82. Hmm, the area seems abandoned\'85 Wait, my suit is picking up on some sort of life-form\'85 But I don\'92t see anything around me?\
	92. Tap to continue to 92\
\
83. This place is\'85 surprisingly beat up. I\'92m hiding in the shadows right now, and see robed figures everywhere\'85 quite mysterious.\
	93. Speak with them and find out where you are\
	94. Keep exploring, but stay hidden\
\
84. I keep hearing noises around me but no one\'92s here\'85 Wait, my suit is detecting some sort of lifeform nearby\'85 Hello? Who\'92s there\'85\
	92. tap to continue to 92\
\
85. Should I try those closer structures first, that seem like factories or move past them and head for the castle all the way in the back?\
	111. The Factories\
	112. The Castle\
\
86. There seem to be a lot of wizards guarding the perimeter of the temple\'85 \
	93. Talk to these guards\
	137. Find a way around them \
\
87. 
\i The Ritual is complete. Open the gates, we shall head inside; \'93HoneyDewLemonTree!\'94\'85\
	
\i0 I guess that\'92s the password to their secret treehouse!\
	86. Head for the temple\
	157. This place is dangerous; Find a way around it and move foreward\
\
88. Ahh \'97 \
	if notEnlightened \'97 162\
	else \'97 163\
\
89. Ahh! Something\'92s pulling me down!\
	78. tap to continue to 78\
\
90. Somehow, surprisingly, that worked! Wait\'85 It\'92s dark now, and the thing in the sky\'85 Am I somewhere else? Is this\'85 this place something else??\
	164. tap to continue to 164\
 \
91. Ah, a fork in the path\'85 How clich\'e9\'85\
	165. Head down the path on the right\
	166. Head down the path on the left \
\
92. 
\i Lifeform: You are not welcome here. You are not one of us. You will be condemned to the darkest place in the universe. Goodbye.\
	tap to continue to 236
\i0 \
\
93. Uh, hello?\
	*muffed sound effect* Come with us.\
	What? No, I just wanted to ask, where am I?\
	
\i You will come.
\i0 \
	tap to continue to 95\
\
94. I entered an old building and found what seems to be a poster\'85 I think this is how the flying civilization used to look before\'85 well, whatever happened to it.\
	93. The robed figures are probably survivors, ask them what happened to their colony\
	97. The robed figures did this, stay away from them and keep exploring\
\
95. *Magic spell sound effect* Ahh! I can\'92t\'85 control myself\'85 I\'92m following them, they\'92ve enchanted me somehow.\
	tap to continue to 96\
\
96. 
\i Speak to me. Who are you, and what are you doing here. I demand you speak, NOW!\
	
\i0 I\'92m from another planet\'85 I\'92m lost, and just found your flying city. You guys\'85 speak english?\
	tap to continue to 98\
\
97. I noticed a lot of robed figures going this way, so I followed them. Seems like some sort of meeting.\
	
\i Greetings, all. Let the Council of Darkness commence\'85\

\i0 	
\i tap to continue to 102
\i0 \
\
98. 
\i We are advanced beings that have transcended the boundries of language. We control space and time itself. We are on a conquest, to cleanse this universe of primal lifeforms\'85 such as yourself.\
	
\i0 click to continue to 99\
\
99. 
\i You will be condemned to eternal darkness.
\i0 \
	No, please! I wish to join your conquest. \
	
\i You? What can you possibly provide us\
	
\i0 100. Well, I\'92m pretty funny and can keep you entertained?\
	101. I am a Master Warlord tactical genius.\
\
100. 
\i Hmm. Okay. You will entertain us\'85 you will be our pet. \
	*poof sound effect*\
	< turned into a dog > \
	slight delay\
	Now watch as your planet, your friends, your family are torn away from you. Oh yes, this is truly entertaining indeed.\
	slight delay\
	tap to continue to 230\
\

\i0 101. 
\i We do not need help. We have vanquished entire universes, this will be our 7th. It will be a pleasure to watch as you suffer. \
	*magic teleporter noise*\
	black hole\
	> tap to continue to 31\
\

\i0 102. 
\i We are fast approaching our next target; Planet Earth. Population: 7,525,216,403 primal humans, and 24,302,403,192 other animals. Their destruction will be swif \'97 \'85 did you hear that?\
	103. tap to continue to 103\
\

\i0 103. A spy \'97 A filthy human spy\'85 Your planet, your people will soon be destroyed. I see you\'92ve volunteered to be first.\
	> if robotic arm \'97 105\
	> else, \'97 104\
\
104. You will be condemned to eternal darkness, to live a life indefinite in length. Your demise will be slow; You will slowly drift towards a black hole for millenia until it finally puts an end to your misery. Farewell.\
\
105. This exosuit\'92s robotic arm just saved my life! Never thought I\'92d say this, but I\'92m grateful Sparky the RoboDog ate my arm! (beating up enemy noises)\
	
\i Our Mission will not be so easily prevented\'85\
	106. tap to continue to 106\
\

\i0 106. 
\i You may have bested us, but Master Zor\'92Loth will not be defeated\'85 Master, we summon thee \'97 Vanquish our foe so we can Conquer this Universe!\
	107. tap to continue to 107\
\

\i0 107. 
\i Who dares disturb Me \'97 Wretched Human, you WILL Perish! *slashes (noises), almost kills the astronaut* \
	Will you beg for mercy, to be put out of your misery?\
	
\i0 > if nuclear reactor core, goes to 108\
	> else goes to 110\
\
108. You\'85 You will not take the lives of all those innocent people\'85 This may be my end, but it will be yours too!\
	109. tap to continue to 109\
\
109. sound of glass crushing, huge explosion\
	< killed, but saved the lives of billions > \
\
110. C\'85 Come in\'85 Inhabitants of Earth, you must ba\'85 *cough* you must band together\'85 \
	
\i Aahaha! So foolish. Their demise will be swift, just like yours now. \
	31. tap to continue to 31\
\

\i0 111. Umm\'85 You\'92re sure about this, right?\
	112. Uhh\'85 Nevermind. Head for the castle instead.\
	113. Yeah, find a way inside.\
\
112.  Alright, I\'92m now headed towards the castle, but man, this place is amazing isn\'92t it?\
	114. Yeah, sure\'85 Stay focused.\
	115. You should try bathing in the lava, like a hot tub\
\
113. This place doesn\'92t\'85 look like I thought it would\'85 \
	121. Go to the fire up ahead\
	112. Get out of this place and head for the castle instead\
\
114. Wuh-oh. Seems like we\'92ve got company\'85\
	116. Talk to him, he seems lonely\
	117. Just keep heading for the castle\
\
115. Ha-ha, very funny. I\'92d do anything for a hot tub right now.\
	114. tap to continue to 114\
\
116. Uhh, hello?\
	
\i What are you doing here? Get back to work!\
	
\i0 117. Yessir, sorry, I\'92m heading back.\
	118. Uhh, I\'92m not from here; I just saw the city and came for a visit.\
\
117. I\'92m near the castle now, should I head for the front gate or find another way in?\
	119. Find another way in	\
	123. Head for the front gate\
\
118. 
\i A visit?? There are no visitors here and this is no time for jokes. The Battle will soon be upon us, our destinies are in our hands. \
	
\i0 117. Good point, I\'92ll leave you be.\
	120. The Battle? Can you please explain what\'92s going on?\
\
119.  Woah, this thing\'92s MASSIVE! It appears to be some sort of\'85 jail, perhaps? Like something\'92s locked within?\
	126. Yeah, and we want to keep that thing in. Move on!\
	128. Try\'85 unlocking it.\
\
120. 
\i What\'92s going on is I know you\'92re a spy from The Above, and you\'92ll pay for your crimes against my people.\
	
\i0 The Above? I don\'92t th \'97 
\i \
	< fireball, killed > \

\i0 \
121. This place is really\'85 eerie\'85 I think I can hear, umm\'85 screams, but that must be my imagination, right?\'85 \
	
\i Wrong.\
	
\i0 WHAT?!\
	122. tap to continue to 122\
\
122. 
\i The souls of the Conquered fuel this ship, and now yours, too, will join them. Eternal suffering awaits\'85 \
	< killed > 
\i0 \
\
123. I\'92m, uhh.. even closer now\'85 Front gate, right? *gulp*\
	119. Nevermind, find another way in\
	124. Yep, head for the front gate\
\
124. Well, here goes nothing\'85 \
	
\i tap to continue to 125\
\

\i0 125. Oh, it\'92s just\'85 an empty throne room\'85 The Throne of a dead King, perhaps\'85\
	130. Tap to continue\
\
126. This seems to be the only other way in; some of the bridge\'92s boards are missing\'85\
	124. Head through the front gate instead \
	127. Cross over the bridge\
\
127. Almost half way, I don\'92t thi \'97 *creak* Oh no\'85 *bridge falling apart* Ahhh!\
	tap to continue to 237\
\
128. Haha, yeah, sure, and I might as well swim in this lava lake too. *rumbling* Uhmm\'85 What\'92s going on??\
	129. Tap: What did you do?\
\
129. Nothing, I swear! 	\
	
\i I have been awoken at last! The Universe shall be conquered by Zephyr, The Destroyer of Worlds! \
	< killed > \
\

\i0 130. \'85 Symbolic of Power\'85 of Wealth\'85 of Status\'85 Perhaps\'85 Perhaps I am destined for the Throne\'85\
	131. tap to continue to 131\
\
131. Yes, I am destined for it\'85 The Throne has been waiting for me all along\'85 It is calling for me, and I shall respond to it\'92s call\'85 (whispers heard)\
	132. Tap to continue to 132\
\
132. I am the New King of this Planet\'85 The Throne has Chosen Me\'85\
	
\i A worthy sacrifice indeed.\
	133. tap to continue to 133.\
\

\i0 133. 
\i Your body shall be the new Vessel of our Lord\'85\
	134. tap to continue to 134\
\
134. Burn.\
	135. tap to continue to 135\
\
135. And from the Ashes, again rises the True King.\
	< killed > signal lost\
	tap to continue to 31\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 136. Shh, get down\'85 Raiders below. They\'92re shapeshifters, make themselves look like your species.\
	51. Slowly back away from them then run\
	52. Lay down and be still\
\
137. This jungle seems to be clear of the guards\'85 Probably because the branches above are so thick they block out all the light\'85 I\'92m spooked. \
	138. tap to continue to 138\
\
138. Hey that rock has a glowing symbol on it\'85\
	139. Get a closer look\
	142. Forget the rock and head for the temple\
\
139. The Rock\'85 It\'92s\'85 Flying\'85 \
	140. tap to continue to 140\
\
140. Where am I? What is this\'85 *brainwashing sound effect* Wha \'97 I \'97 \
	141. tap to continue to 141\
\
141. I am the Runemaster. This is my Throne. Attempting to escape this planet is futile. This is my home. \
	<signal lost>  perhaps 31. tap to continue to 31\
\
142. Woah, that place looks amazing!\
	143. Check it out\
	144. Keep heading for the Temple\
\
143. bs about death omen\
	238. tap to continue to 238\
\
144. That statue looks like something from earth\'85 You don\'92t think\'85?\
	145. Inspect it to see if it\'92s from Earth\
	147. Keep heading for the Temple\
\
145. Uhm\'85 I blinked\'85 And I swear it just moved\'85\
	146. tap to continue to 146\
	\
146. don\'92t blink!!!!\
	swipe either way, 31. tap to continue to 31 regardless
\i \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\

\i0 147. At last, I\'92m at the temple! The wizards have clearly left\'85 I wonder where that huge beast is?\
	148. Knock at the gate, it\'92s polite!\
	152. Talk to those stone guards\
\
148. 
\i Password?\

\i0 	tap to continue\
	> 149. Doesn\'92t have password\
	> 151. Has password\
\
149. Pass \'97 Password? Uh\'85 \'93Zor\'92Loth\'94?\
	
\i Incorrect. Another soul to collect, Poopsie\'85\
	>  150. tap to continue to 150\
\

\i0 150. 
\i Doomed for eternity amongst your fellow lost souls, MUAHAHAHAaa *cough* a!\
	239. tap to continue to 239
\i0 \
\
151.  \'93HoneyDewLemonTree!\'94 \
	
\i Correct. Poopsie, take him to The Conjuring, more spellpower is needed to contain the beast \'97 \

\i0 	Spellpower? Contain the Beast??
\i \
	tap to continue to 154
\i0 \

\i \

\i0 152. 
\b WHO DARES AWAKEN US FROM OUR THOUSAND YEAR SLUMBER? BE BANISHED FOR ETERNITY!\
	
\b0 153. tap to continue to 153\
\
153. Where am I\'85\
	
\i The Great Eclipse signals the coming of The Soul Reaver\'85\

\i0 	What \'97 Who\'92s there??\
	150. tap to continue to 150\
\
154. 
\i Wizards, Warlocks, Sorcerers! Maintain your focus! \
	
\i0 Wow! A DRAGON?!\
	
\i Wha \'97 ??
\i0 	\
	tap to continue to 155\
\
155. 
\i YOU FOOL! you broke the incantation\
	
\i0 156. tap to continue to 156\
\
156.  
\i THE BARRIER IS BROKEN, THE DESTROYER OF WORLDS IS UNLEASHED! \'97THE FABRIC OF SPACE-TIME ITSELF IS RIPPED APART, AND INTO THE  NETHER-RIFT IS OUR ETERNAL DOOM\'85\
	240. tap to continue to 240\
\

\i0 157. That guy leaning on the rocks\'85 He looks like the person that was just sacrificed at the Temple! \
		158. tap to continue to 158\
\
158. Uh, Hi! I\'85 I think I saw you at a \'97 sort of \'97 Temple\'85 You were\'85 Well you were being sacrificed to Zor\'92Loth and transformed into some sort of monster\'85\
	159. tap to continue to 159.\
\
159. Hello?\'85\
	160. tap to continue to 160.\
\
160. 
\i wat r u \
	31. tap to continue to 31\

\i0 \
161. Whatever those things are, they seem to now be flying towards the top of the pyramid\'85\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	75. It\'92s a trap! Turn back\
	76. Keep heading for the pyramid\
\
162. 
\i You will now be enlightened. Your memory will be wiped, but travel times are exempted. Do not return.\
	218. tap to continue to 218\
\

\i0 163. 
\i Fool, none can be further enlightened to achieve Attonement! \
	<burned, signal lost>\
	<killed>\
\

\i0 164. 
\i The Darkness above is consuming all light. It signals the coming of the Shadow Reaver\'85\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 	What \'97 Who\'92s there??\
	150. tap to continue to 150\
\
165. Another fork\'85 \
	171. Another fork, another right!\
	167. Left this time\
\
166. Another fork\'85 \
	202. Another fork another left!\
	205. Right this time\
\
167. I\'92m\'85 speechless\'85 I need a better look at this! \
	\ul Careful on the Bridge!\
	\ulnone Of course!\'85\
	168. 35% Chance; Bridge collapses\
	169. 65% Chance; Cross over successfully\
	(if enlightened, 100% chance cross over bridge successfully)\
\
168. This thing doesn\'92t look too sturdy, here goes nothing\'85\
	>127. tap to continue to 127\
\
169. Wait, that\'92s no stream of fire or lava, it\'92s some sort of Aura\'85 It\'92s calling me in\'85 I\'85 \'97\
	241. tap to continue to 241\
\
170. Huh? Where am I, have I been here before? What just happened\'85 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	84. Explore the outskirts of this city\
	85. Try finding the leader of this colony and ask him what\'92s going on\
\
171. I\'92m really starting to feel hopeless, lost and cave-sick!\
	172. An exit! Head up there and get out of this place!\
	176. Follow the gold path and head deeper into the cave\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
172. Those people down there at the foot of the bridge \'97 Same spacesuit! Fellow survivors! HELLO? HELLO!\
	173. tap to continue to 173.\
\
173. I guess they couldn\'92t hear me, and went into the mouth of that thing\'85 I\'92m going in, too.\
	174. No, don\'92t, it could be dangerous.\
	175. Follow them quick!\
	\
174. Listen. You\'92ve been helping me a lot so far and I appreciate that, but I\'92m sick and tired of being lost alone\'85 I need to talk to them, I\'92m going in\'85\
	175. Fine\'85\
\
175. Here goes nothing\'85 \
	< teleported to dragon\'92s lair > \
	198. tap to continue to dragon\'92s lair\'85\
\
176. The cave opens to some sort of Mechanical Room, with what seems like an inspector at work\
	177. Avoid the inspector and explore the place\
	181. Speak to the inspector\
\
177. Looks like a control room, but it\'92s empty\'85\
	178. tap to continue to 178\
\
178. And why is there a holographic projection of the Earth, and a map of it too?!\'85\
	179. tap to continue to 179\
\
179. 
\i You have a keen mind. \
	
\i0 Huh? Who\'92s there? \'97 \

\i 	It\'92s a blessing and a curse; A blessing because you ask the right questions\'85
\i0 \
	180. tap to continue to 180\
\
180. 
\i But a curse because those questions can quite easily get you killed.\
	< signal lost, dead > \
	31. tap to continue to 31 
\i0 \
\
181. Hello there\'85 Uhm, Where exactly are we?\
	
\i If you have to ask, you shouldn\'92t be here\'85 Guar \'97 \
	
\i0 182. Wait, I was only testing you\'85\
	188. Bring in the guards and I shall see to it that you are beheaded.\
\
182. 
\i Testing me? What do you mean\'85\
	
\i0 I am the new Captain here, just positioned. I haven\'92t seen you before\'85\
	183. tap to continue to 183\
\
183. 
\i Oh, yes, my apologies sir. I am the Head Inspector and Control Room Operator for this here machine.\
	
\i0 184. And what does this machine do?\
	186. Take me to the control room\
\
184. 
\i Well it\'92s the engine, sir, for the battleship\'85 \
	185. tap to continue to 185
\i0 \
\
185. 
\i We\'92ll reach Earth soon and I must ensure our defences and offenses are at full strength.\
	
\i0 186. Why are we going to Earth? \
	189. Accompany me to the control room.\
\
186. 
\i You don\'92t seem to know anything about this place\'85 I think I\'92ll call in the guards and they\'92ll tell me if you truly are their Captain \'97 GUARDS!\
	187. tap to continue to 187\
\
187. An intruder! We will take his head!\
	< signal lost > \
	31. tap to continue to 31\
\
188. What do you mean\'85\
	
\i0 I am the new Captain here, just positioned. I haven\'92t seen you before\'85\
	183. tap to continue to 183
\i \
\

\i0 189. 
\i Here we are, Sir, the control room\'85 \
	
\i0 Thank you. You may now return to your inspections of the engine.\
	190. tap to continue to 190\
\
190. It\'92s clear this planet is not what we once thought it was. It\'92s not another potential home for mankind;\
	191. tap to continue to 191\
\
191. It\'92s a battleship with the mission to destroy Earth and likely all other lifeforms in the universe.\
	192. tap to continue to 192.\
\
192. You know, this is the fifth and final planet we thought was habitable by humans, it was our last hope\'85\
	193. tap to continue to 193\
\
193. But now it\'92s clear that Earth was made for humans, and it\'92s something we must treasure. \
	194. tap to continue to 194\
\
194. Now that I\'92m in this control room, I know what I must do to protect mankind and all the other species that inhabit Earth,\
	195. tap to continue to 195\
\
195. But you have a role to play, too; Tell mankind that Earth is our final frontier, our only home, our only hope\'85\
	196. tap to continue to 196\
\
196. And we won\'92t get another shot if we blow this one. It has been a pleasure journeying with you\'85\
	197. Tap to continue to 197\
\
197. Goodbye. \
	<signal lost>\
	< game over >\
\
198. Okay, maybe you were right and I shouldn\'92t have followed them in\'85 \
	199. 50% chance killed\
	200. 50% chance make it to the mechanical room\
\
199. RUN!\
	31. tap to continue to 31\
\
200. Sorry I went silent on the comms, I couldn\'92t risk letting the Dragon hear me\'85\
	201. tap to continue to 201\
\
201. I was able to sneak around it and found this room; It must be important if there\'92s a DRAGON guarding it\'85\
	177. Secretly explore the place\
	181. Speak to the person up ahead\
\
202. I think I\'92ve entered a massive room in the cave but can\'92t tell; The fog\'92s too dense\'85 Thankfully it\'92s starting to clear up a little\'85\
	203. Tap to continue to 203\
\
203. I think the fog\'92s playing tricks on my eyes, I\'92m going to head closer for a different angle on this\'85\
	204. tap to continue to 204\
\
204. Okay, nevermind\'85 It\'92s no trick\'85 \
	199. 50% chance killed\
	200. 50% chance make it to mechanical room\
\
205. I\'92m starting to think this is some sort of labyrinth that\'92s *meant* to confuse people\'85\
	206. Head Left\'85\
	208. Head Right\'85\
\
206. Wow, an underground colony! Maybe they\'92re in hiding, which explains all the twists and turns leading here\'85\
	207. tap to continue to 207\
\
207. I haven\'92t seen anyone, the entire city seems to be empty\'85 I\'92m heading into the main temple now, there must be a leader in here\'85\
	124. tap to continue to 124 \
\
208. I can\'92t believe it\'85 I\'92m finally out of that damn cave! I need some time to clear my head\'85\
	209. tap to continue to 209\
\
209. Wait\'85 up ahead\'85 what is that\'85\
	210. tap to continue to 210\
\
210. Looks like a spaceship, and it\'92s about to launch! \
	211. tap to continue to 211\
\
211. I\'92m heading in\'85\
	212. tap to continue to 212\
\
212. It\'92s a little beaten up, but I think it can still fly!\
	213. tap to continue to 213\
\
213. Strapped in\'85 \
	
\i Lifeform detected. Autonomous Vehicle Driver System disabled. Manual Control initiated. \
\
214. Look, 
\i0 I know there\'92s so much more to explore on this planet, but I just can\'92t do it\'85\
	215. tap to continue to 215\
\
215. It\'92ll have to be another mission, another crew\'85 \
	216. tap to continue to 216\
\
216. I know you probably wanted me to explore more, but I hope you understand that I just can\'92t do it...\
	217. tap to continue to 217\
\
217. I miss my family, I miss Earth\'85 I\'92ll see you soon.\
	<game over>\
\
218. mayday, lost control [alarm sounds]\
	leads to 219\
	\
219. Attempting to reconnect [glitch sound]\
	leads to 220\
\
220. System rebooted\
	continues to 221\
\
221. Is this thing working (lots of static) \'97 static sound\
	222. continues to 222, regardless which choice you make\
\
222. transponder finally working\
	223. tap to continue to 223\
\
223. planet exodus story\
	224. continue to 224\
\
224. will you help me\
	0. Of course!\
	225. No I don\'92t have time for this\
\
225. You know, sarcasm doesn\'92t come over text too well, but I\'92ll assume that\'92s what that was\'85\
	tap to continue to 0\
\
226. Find no survivors, but find some food and Nuclear Core of the ship (item acquired)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	3. Eat food\
	4. Don\'92t eat food\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \
227.  
\i0 \'93We are the oppressed souls that roam this land. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Doomed to live forever, a life so bland\
No food nor drink; no sleep nor rest\
You will now join us, and be our eternal guest.\'94\
		- dies -
\i  (signal lost)\
\
228. Wow, this screen just flickered on!\

\i0 	42. Yeah, pretty awesome. Click the top white button and see what happens!\
	43. Yeah, this is cool. Click the bottom white button and see what happens!\
\
229. *loud generator noise\'94 I seem to have woken the place up\'85 HOLY \'97\'97, A GIANT\'85 ROBOT? \
	44. Perhaps these things are what live here. Wake him up and talk to him.\
	45. Best steer clear. There\'92s a weird patch of brickwork, I think you should go inspect it.\
\
230 woof woof woof \
	tap to continue to 31\
\
231. *wanderer replaced with huge monster*\
	86. Woah that was awesome! Try talking to the wizards! They seem chill.\
	87. Keep watching\
\
232. \'97\'97\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 	tap to continue to 31\
\
233. 
\i0 *monster screeching, kills astronaut*\
	< killed >\
\
234. NO, DON\'92T!\
	tap to continue to 235\
\
235. *splash sound effect*\
	<killed>\
\
236. 
\i *teleport noises*\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	
\i0 black hole, signal lost\
\
237. bridge collapsing noise: ahh \'97\

\i 	tap to continue to 31\
\
238. 
\i0 *spooky whispering* 
\i I am your Death Omen. Say your last prayers.
\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Ah, something\'92s pulling me down!\
	78. tap to continue to 78\
\
239. muahahaha!\
	> tap to continue to 31\
\
240. buzzing noise\
	<killed>\
\
241. \'97 ; teleport noises\
	> tap to continue to 170\
\
242 - \
\
Climate change, global conflicts, lack of resources... These are just some of the many challenges humanity faces today. Fast forward a few decades, and society has disintegrated completely. \
\
Scientists have looked up at the stars for millenia, wondering, hoping, that one day they would find an escape; A planet like Earth with abundant resources and land, so that humanity could "try it all over again"; a fresh start. \
\
Six planets were found that matched this description and on April 2nd, 2025, six spaceships were launched from Earth; one heading towards each of these potential Earth II candidates. Of the 5 other ships, one was swallowed by an unseen black hole; another lost control and plummeted into a neutron star, one burned up during descent onto it's planet, and the last two lost signal upon landing. \
\
There is one final spaceship, and today is the big day. Today is the day that it touches down on the planet, dubbed Planet Exodus because it is humanity's final frontier, humanity's only escape... But you don't know that. \
\
You are laying down in bed, half-asleep. Suddenly, you hear a noise from below; A monster? No, you're too old to believe in monsters...\
\
You swipe your arms blindly beneath the bed frame, searching for what's making the noise. Cobwebs... spiders, yuck... Aha! You grab ahold a stocking your father gave you as a present for Christmas many years ago, and empty it's contents. You find an old radio transponder that never seemed to work before, but you had decided to keep it anyway. Now, it seems to be receiving a signal...\
\
Joseph Stark, Captain of The Discovery-VI, is lost and needs your help.\
\
---------------------------------\
\
\
Instructions: Help Captain Joseph Stark make decisions to safely explore and hopefully escape Planet Exodus. Tap on the screen to continue to the next "scenario card" where a tap symbol is present, otherwise swipe to make decisions for Captain Stark. Swipe in the direction of the option arrows to select that option. Specifically, swipe to the right to choose the top option and swipe to the left to choose the bottom option.\
\
\
Note: The game may take 2-10 seconds to load upon opening the app. This is normal, please do not tap the screen during that time! \
\
\
Note from the publisher: Thanks so much for playing through my game, I really hope you enjoyed it. If you have any feedback, found glitches (other than the screen animations!) or want to leave some general feedback, please email me! I would love to hear what you have to say. \
Email: uzairshafiqapps@gmail.com\
\
\
Thanks again, enjoy!\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1335\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\
\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}